HIGHESTEST 111!1!11) Make Assets cool, like John wants it.

Highest 13) Create DatabaseChecker class to standardize RoadCare table and DB schema changes.
Highest 9) Get committed table and results table completed.
Highest 8) Double click editing of equations and criteria.
Highest 10) Fix output window closed, if you try to write to it, and its closed, it should auto open.
Highest 11) Generate first level HTML reports for simulation results.
Highest 12) Asset History Table.  Any changes to the database, creates a new line in the change log, for that asset.
Highest 4) Icons to pretty up the page on all avail pages, soln. explorer first.
Highest 2) Fix SQL adapter update on FormAttributeDocument (fixed everything save for Delete).
Highest 3) Create node specific menus for all nodes in the Solution Explorer.
Highest 7) Make creating new simulations easier (right click - add new)
	-Replicate(bare-bones, period, method, budgets) or full (committed projects).
	-Blank
	-Default
	



Highest 6) DC databases converted to the new RC3 format.
Highest 13) Check for valid criteria and equations before database entry.


Apply old committed on Roll Forward (John thinks this is stupid - discuss).

When edit Budget Order/List.  Close Analysis, Treatments, Results, Committed 
When edit Treatments. Close Committed so can update treatment list.

Determine color scheme for possible, committed and spent. (light for treatment, dark for committed).

Single section update (with treatments).
Summary (header/footer) targets/deficiency/budget.
Excel/Powerpoint and Word outputs.
PCI input data.
Targets/Deficient optimization
Multi-year optimizations
Error checking criteria/equations.
Recheck mass uploading of raw data.
Help utilities.
Tool tips on all controls.
Make sure lanes are added to Simualtion variable list.
Update last run.

When Add New Simulation
Need to fill in Simulations, Investments, Treatments (No treatments)
Allow blank Priority
Compound (multiple deterioration - not working).  RL calculated for performance.


High 23) Feature: Import data from shapefile directly into ASSET or PAVEMENT raw attribute tables.
High 22) Add date select control to the asset manager.  The current of what it is, and prior inspections.
High 21) Create filter control for applicable pages.
High 1.) Make Printing work on all pages, with applicable grids. (Print button will be on the form).
High 15.) Add to menu: Copy (With Header) Should column headers copy with data?
High 14.) Refresh Attribute View on rollup (i.e. update years) (can be done by closing window from FormManager).
High 10.) Attached errors somehow to the window that threw them.  If window is closed.  Error perhaps should go away.
High 11.) Button and menu motif from attribute view, needs to be implemented on all other forms.  Make sure that Bill and John both agree to the motif first!
High 20.) Implement Network Delete.  Drop all SEGMENTED, COMMITTED and SIMULATION tables for this network.Make sure all tables with NETWORKID enforce ForeignKey.  NETWORK_TREE is complete.  Use as template.

Medium 19) Copy and pasting reports and simulations from network to network.


Medium 5.) Make list of budgets readonly and edited through ... button.
Medium 6.) Use geometry checker to check geoms inputted by the user through the Import Geometry interface.

Medium 6.) Prove transactional logging works (by login).
Medium 7.) Create Users tree branch + properties (add and manage users).  Should only be visible to administrators.
Medium 16.) Figure out how to set tool window docking size.
Medium 17.) Add Network ID to criteria segmentation (Logical segmentation page).  Values should be defined by Network.  Currently they are global.  Copy and paste between networks should work.
Medium 18.) Add area units to Network Defintion.

Low 4) Create config file format for Login information and other logging information (remember last user login information).
Low 8) Make call to Dynamic Segmentation multithreaded.
Low 17.) Default icons for all tree nodes.
Low 26) Use a different ICON for STRING and NUMBER fields.  Maybe a stylize Abc for strings and a 123 for Numeric.
Low 18.) Allow users to set whether or not to have their tabs come up for each run of the program.
Low 19.) Develop Report function for Attribute View.
Low 26.)Make flag to suppress MessageBox on Error sent to WriteOutput.
Low 21.) Get copy and paste working construction history (with error checking).
Low 23.) Property page Modal.  OK not Ok.  Better yet, think of button OK icons for a splash of color throughout program.
Low 24.) On updating/newing atttributes check Max > Min, that levels ascend or descend OR default is in between maximum and minimum.
Low 25) Add error exclamation point to erroneous fields.
Low 26) Add multiple attribute display order to config so that it remembers on re-open.

DISCUSS 13.) Discussion.  Allow hand editing of sections under SegmentationResults(need verify  function then).


~) Double Click in Solution Explorer - Open document, and expand tree?
~) Allow user to set font for program
~) Why does little grey box breifly appear on treeview when first document is opened.
~) Make dockable toolbars?
~) Set RoadCare title from config file (FORMROADCARE)
~)On Dyamic Segmentation, replace add remove with LEFT and RIGHT arrows.








Gregg:

Get copy and paste working again on attribute views.
	- Add checkbox to allow editing on attribute views.
	
Create property classes to be assigned to the property grid on the right.
Create Construction History (Raw)/Segmented pages
Create Asset View
Create Segmented View



DONE: HUGE SUCCESS
- Put list of treatments on committed projects. Gregg
- Figure out how to but budgets into list on Committed projects. Gregg
- Default order of muliple open. Gregg
- Add right most column, MOST RECENT to rollup.  Attribute (ADT) is most recent (ADT_1999) is ADT for 1999. Gregg
- Simulation pages need to be added to FormManager. Chad
- Fix spaces in database names for bulk loads. Gregg
- ICMPA Database conversion - Gregg
- If solution window is pinned then you cannot create a window in it.  So deal with that by having the application check if the window is pinned, if it is, create the new window as a dialog. Additionally, Re-Create disposed/closed tabs from view menu. - Chad
- Create docked property window on the right. - Chad
- Treeview text display funky on Gregg's widescreen laptop. - Chad
- It is very difficult to see that an error has been added (reflect error to MessageBox by adding to WriteOutput). - Chad, Gregg
- Consider search for construction history.  Does not presently exist. - Gregg
- Buttons on Attribute View select columns are not wide enough.  - Gregg
- Need to update OutputWindow with progress.  Maybe windows messaging?  If not, move dynamic segmentation into RoadCare3 name space so it can do it directly. - Chad
- When Add Network fails (bad characters in name).  It is written to ouptput (output will give msgbox if desired) - Gregg
- Custom Property Boxes.  Create Materials Property Viewer. This is a user defined property grid, with database table creation.
- Make rollup multithreaded. - Gregg
- Add begin, end direction to attribute. - Gregg
- Create Rollup page - Gregg
- Create Segmentation Results page - Split drop/add - Gregg
- Updating information in Attribute Properties is not saved! - Chad
- If All GIS windows are closed, close GIS property view. Shape up the GIS viewer, make it look "pretty" - Chad
- Get Dynamic segmentation working on GIS view. - Chad and Gregg
- Viewers should not be on the Network list if they have not been rolled up. - Chad
- Change GIS dynamic segmentation after layer draw function to create a shape file.